[2917] Write Compose SDK Guidelines (#3315)
GetStream/stream-chat-android: stream-chat-android-compose/GUIDELINES.md

## Customizing Components 

### Customization Options

Customization options should be exposed where possible:

- Modifiers for styling
- Action handlers
- Styling options
- [Slot APIs](https://developer.android.com/jetpack/compose/layouts/basics#slot-based-layouts)

#### Example:

```kotlin
@Composable
fun UserAvatar(
    // State
    user: User,
    // Modifier and Styling
    modifier: Modifier = Modifier,
    shape: Shape = ChatTheme.shapes.avatar,
    // Action Handlers
    onClick: (() -> Unit)? = { },
    // Slot APIs
    onlineIndicator: @Composable BoxScope.() -> Unit = { ... }
)
```

### Slot APIs

We heavily rely on [Slot APIs](https://developer.android.com/jetpack/compose/layouts/basics#slot-based-layouts) when building our components. When designing a complex component, it is hard to expose every possible customization parameter. In that case, consider exposing customization slots instead.

Rules when implementing Slot APIs:
- **Consistent naming**: When exposing content slots consider using these common names: `leadingContent`, `centerContent`, `trailingContent`, `footerContent`, `headerContent`, `itemContent`, `content`.

> - **Default implementation**: The default implementation of a content slot should be located in the same source file and should be named according to this patter: `Default*LeadingContent`, `Default*CenterContent`, etc.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Default implementation**: The default implementation of a content slot should be internal, located in the same source file and should be named according to this pattern: `Default*LeadingContent`, `Default*CenterContent`, etc.  
```
